[ Music ]
>> Regina Meredith: I would
guess that many of you
who have been to one of more
of the planet sacred sites.
If you haven't, you would not
want to miss this interview.
It's a primer for understanding
why these thoughts affect us
as they do.
This is a story of great beings,
a living earth with water
and energy flowing through
like the blood in our own veins
and phenomenal structures
that allow us
to access the higher parts
of our own consciousness.
No one knows this
better than Freddy Silva
who I'm honored to
have back with us.
It's so good to see you again.
>> Freddy Silva: Regina,
good to be here again.
>> Regina Meredith: You
know, I'd say on this one,
you have totally
outdone yourself.
I've been a fan of your work
since the Crop Circle work,
you know that's where I kind
of came into the picture.
You have completely
outdone yourself.
I mean, this book has pretty
much all of the-the basis
for the phenomenon behind
it written in a way that's
so accessible and it's laid with
personal stories as well to kind
of augment, you know, our
voyeurism along the away.
>> Freddy Silva:
[laughter] Yeah,
the kitchen sink is somewhere
on page three hundred eighteen.
>> Regina Meredith:
Something like that.
Let's see, Barbara Hand Clow,
and I totally agree with ther,
says, "This is a must read for
all who read Sacred Sites."
It is, so this is-this is your
partner if you're going anywhere
in the world and
really experience,
so you say in this book, one
of the things in the world,
and I already alluded to in the
open, that when it's all said
and when we're back engineering,
we're back into the story,
this is really about
human awakening.
All of these sites are about
awakening our own consciousness
and coming to know ourselves.
Is that-
>> Freddy Silva: Oh, absolutely.
I do go any the temples
around the world,
in particular the ones in Egypt,
the ones in Southern India,
who are still very much
intact; they still have a lot
of the text written on
the walls, and ones we sat
down to decipher what the text
was saying, it's quite clear
that all of them were
written in agreement.
There is one in Temple of
[inaudible] for example,
that talks about how the temple
is built to transform a person
into a god, into a bright
star, which is not a bad reason
to go there in the first place.
And other temples talk about how
these are transmutations points
of the soul where heaven
connects with earth,
where the temple is kind
of living intermediate
between the physical human
and everything else
that's in the cosmos.
So in a way, it almost
reminded you
that whenever you lose the plot,
and we do this regularly
all the time these days,
you-the ancestors who built
these temples left us the
instructions of where
to go, certain hotspots
on the phase of the earth.
We can go and basically
[inaudible] to the rest
of the universe and find
how things really are,
get to know ourselves, get to
know the purpose of our soul,
and by doing that in a kind
of shamanic environment,
then you are able
to mold your life
with a certain degree
of self impalement.
When you have that degree of
self awareness in your life,
no one can really
tell you what to do,
not a bad way in your life.
>> RM: No, it's not, and that
has been [inaudible] some can
say, by intent.
It's not an accident that these
edifices have been destroyed
over the last few thousand
years in particular,
and there has been a great
detriment, but the reality is,
as we are going to get
into, these places are built
in sacred spots, and even if
the dwelling should fall down,
if you knew where to go,
they have the same
effect on us, right?
>> FS: Absolutely.
I mean, they're all
harnessed with natural laws
and today we have the mechanism
to understand what the natural
laws they were harnessing
because thousands of
them have the same things
for thousands of years.
It's one of the oldest
professions,
that people would [inaudible],
couple of guys walking around,
a couple of [inaudible] hanging-
>> RM: Totally valid.
I mean [inaudible]
>> FS: And for a
couple of dollars.
>> RM: Absolutely.
>> FS: You could actually
get the same result
as a forty thousand dollar
megaton can do today.
>> RM: Absolutely.
>> FS: And there was one
particular case in England
in nineteen seventy
three where a group
of scientists actually
did an experiment
to locate magnetic energy in
these hotspots to try basically
to find out if these guru people
where up to no good in mystery,
and they found- actually,
they were telling the truth
because we actually have
found an actual mapping
of the stone circle in Britain
that shows the lines
of the magnetic grid.
>> RM: Yes.
>> FS: [inaudible]
into the entrance
of the stone circle co rounding
inside it like a great loop,
like a whirlpool, and
suddenly, like Alice going
down the rabbit hole that the
image [inaudible] the screen.
So-
>> RM: And that's really the
job of the shaman, isn't it?
And the ancient priests, the
ones that were true priests.
I don't-I'm not talking
about the priesthood
that we know today,
which is more political
in nature often times.
I mean, the ones that were
the shamans and the priests.
They didn't need the dowsing
routes; they were just attuned
and aligned with the
energies that flexes and flows
of those energies as well.
That was part of
their job, wasn't it?
>> FS: Totally.
These were higher entity people.
They basically were so
connected to the ways of means
of what we would describe in
the modern world as the force.
There's no accident
that George Lucas wrote
that into the script.
This force is everywhere; it's
basically electromagnetic;
it's also to do with the
force of water, solar energy,
lunar energy, and these
people were so in contact
with the environment around
them, they could see it.
They knew its ways and means,
its flows, its whirlpools.
If you talk to a
North American shaman,
they'd be able to-they'd
still be able
to find these hot spots
today, which is why
in North America we don't have
that many visible sacred sites.
They are on the land;
they know where to go
to source this information,
which brings
up the other word, a sorcerer.
It never was anything
with magical
or anything like that matter.
It was more to do with sourcing
the original point of energy.
That's where the
word comes from,
someone who sources the
original energy of the land.
And these people in Australia
today, the aboriginal culture,
they still source the original
hot spots; they thought
of these [inaudible]
lines to the desert.
So you met in Australia, it
is full sand, in the Santa,
and this person goes to a
specific hotspot and goes,
"I can hear the song
of the ancestors,"
and they'll suddenly turn right.
They'll follow this
invisible pathway
for god know how many
lines, and suddenly they are
on a natural North American-I'm
sorry, aboriginal sacred site
without any sign posts.
They can hear and they
can see this energy.
>> RM: And there
are other tribes
like the Cobian [phonetic]
in Bolivia that hid
and follow the same lines
and find their brother
Hopi, for example, walking.
Well, once you get
off the boat, right?
[laughter] But no, the
interesting thing is,
all of these places
you're talking about,
these hotspots-well, first
I want to bring up one
of the-you just brought
up sorcerer.
Let's bring up another
symbol that is deeply encoded
into almost every ancient
and prehistoric culture,
which is the serpent, and
you were just bringing
up this fluoric [inaudible]
energy.
Let's talk about what the
serpent originally-originally
before religion became
involved represented.
>> FS: Ah, yes, religion,
a very interesting concept.
In the original story of Adam
and Eve, which is where one
of our western traditions
really begins in terms
of our relationship with
the serpent comes from.
It's funny how the
original story,
the serpent is actually the
Bethlehem hero of the story,
and you have to go and read the
original [inaudible] gospels
to get that that understanding
because then it was then turned
around and officially became
the symbol of the devil,
but back in the old
days, if you wanted
to exemplify the natural
flow of the earth's energy,
you'd use the serpent
as a symbol.
So, if you go to China,
they would have the dragon;
they call these lions
the long mane.
In Ireland they still
call them the fairy lions.
So, depending on where
you are in the world,
the serpent takes a different
mysticism, a different look,
but it's always the
same serpent that flows
through the landscape.
So, when you go to a place like
Whales Cathedral in England,
for example, or some of these
sacred sites throughout Europe,
you'd see a serpent carved.
It's a very unusual part of the
building, and that's exactly
where the path of
the energy flows
through the actual structure.
So, once you're looking for this
and you understand the
symbolism behind the serpent,
and you're going through
these places and you see
that symbol tucked
away in strange places,
you know you're standing
in a margin line
because the architects
knew how to guide you
into a certain direction.
>> RM: That makes perfect sense.
When you think of the shaman
watching the energy on the land,
it would look very
much like a serpent
as it moves along its
pathway on the land,
so it's just logical
like you're saying.
>> FS: Oh, absolutely.
>> RM: And then it became
in alignment with the word
"knowledge" when it started
going in biblical text,
and then it became aligned
with Satan, and the fall,
and etcetera, etcetera.
>> FS: Very unfortunate.
>> RM: Yes, and you know,
there are a lot of people
that write esoteric materials
to this day, who-you know,
you have to wonder what they're
attempting to in part to us
and what their motivation
is-who still,
even in these metaphysical
circles,
demonize the symbolism
of the serpent.
>> FS: It's bizarre, isn't it?
I mean, once an idea takes hold
and it gets promoted and again,
and again, and again, and
repeats in a pattern fashion,
it seems to take a hold of
the cycling; it takes forever
for this to be resolved.
The swastika is the
other plastic symbol.
It started as a symbol of well
being in the Hindu culture;
suddenly becomes turned around.
So, yes, these things take
a while to revert back
to their original meaning,
like the upside down pentagram,
which is really-the
pentagram is a symbol of life.
I mean, it's a Geometry
of all life.
So the serpent is
the same thing;
it suddenly became
associated with knowledge,
just in the Sumerian culture, as
it is in the Egyptian culture,
and so many indigenous
cultures around the world,
but then once organized
religion starts kicking in,
around thirteen hundred B.C.,
you start to be seeing
the priesthood taking
over the original concept of
the temple and the sacred site;
it starts being a place where
people can go and communicate
with the other world,
as they call it.
You get a living intermediate
now having in between saying,
"If you want to reach the other
world, you have to talk to me;
[inaudible] the money,
I'll say some prayers
for you, you'll be OK."
And that's when organized
religion starts taking
over this concept of the
serpent and the knowledge,
and turning it in a
very interesting thing
because they don't want
you to have direct access
to this knowledge, but you go
back to the Egyptian temples,
and even some of the
tombs of the Pharaohs,
some of where not actually
used as tombs of death;
they were used as tombs for
the living, and there is one
in Sacara particularly,
which there was an scripture
on the wall that clearly states
that the Pharaoh is going
to sleep, and is going to the
other world, and has been guided
into the other world,
when then he arises
to be greeted by
the morning star.
Well, it turns out that this
ritual was actually done
to the Pharaoh who is being
initiated into the mysteries
of the knowledge to spend an
evening at the end of his years
of doctri-indoctrination.
He would be awaken up
by a priest first thing
in the morning, still
half asleep, still dazed,
and he would be risen
from a figurative grave,
where at point he'd become
enlightened, he'd become risen,
and suddenly he'd be
taken out of the tomb
and he'd meet the
morning star series,
star of the divine feminine.
Betty, this is the
concept of resurrection,
which has been-again, another
concept that's been completed
turned upside down.
The resurrection is
supposed to be associated
with living people, dead people.
You're supposed to experience
resurrection while still
in the body.
>> RM: The enlightenment.
>> FS: Yes, the gospel of Thomas
tells us that specifically.
So these things are
all part of the way
that you learn the knowledge for
many years of indoctrination,
and then you have this final
moment when you're risen
from the grave, and
then you came out,
you're totally enlightened,
and this is why they
call the risen dead,
the people who were
totally enlightened, so.
>> RM: Yes.
>> FS: And again, it brings
us back to the purpose
of the sacred sites, which
is to basically connect you
to the other world while
you're still in the body,
so you can bring
back the information
from the other world, and
apply it in your new life.
You are now aware of the world
around you, how it works,
how the universe works
around you, and when you have
that degree of knowledge,
you have a very fine degree
of control of your
manifestation presence.
>> RM: Absolutely.
>> FS: And that's very important
and dangerous paradoxically.
>> RM: Yes, it can be.
Yes, it can, and so
indefinitely threatening
to the power structures
that exist right now.
They would prefer people not
go into this self empowerment.
>> FS: They'd be out of a job.
>> RM: Yeah, they'd
be out of a job.
So, now, I wasn't going to
get into this at this point,
but since you already
broke the subject.
Because you've been to all these
wonderful sites throughout your
life, you had a really profound
experience yourself in line
in one of the tombs, so to
speak, in the Great Pyramid,
which Napoleon did as well;
others have done as well.
I would love it if
you shared that story
because it gives people a
glimpse of what you can access
when you put yourself in one
of these really truly
powerful places.
>> FS: And they really
are very powerful,
and it was an experience that
shaped who I am as a person,
and the best part is, I wasn't
looking for an experience.
I mean, when I've been doing
this journey for a couple
of decades, learning from
people who've done it properly,
learning by their example;
so I've been very blessed
to have good teachers
to go with,
and one of the things we did was
to go in pilgrimages to Egypt
to learn about the mysteries
of how the temples were used.
And one of the ideas was to
go into the Great Pyramid,
and by this time, several
of us knew the presence
of un grind sacred sites; we
knew what these places did
for you and to you
and to be very aware
of your presence before you go
in because these things tend
to manifest and multiply
what you take in there,
all sorts of all energy.
So, there is a whole group
of us to go to around Egypt
and around the world,
basically restoring life
to sacred places very quietly.
And we managed to get
about six tickets to go
into the Great Pyramid at
that time; so the whole
of the group was being
basically outside the building,
and six of us went in,
and we got up to the top;
and if anyone has ever
been to the Great Pyramid,
you'll know what a cacophony it
is in there, the reverberation
of any little sound is amplified
to the point where
it's deafening.
So we go in up.
This kid is running around de
Grand Gallery and then we get
to the top of the
King's chamber,
and suddenly the whole building
empties; there isn't a sound.
And the two men that were with
us, they didn't like the energy
in there and they left,
which is interesting
because it's actually a
very masculine energy place.
The building next door is
actually a more feminine
energy pyramid.
So the full guide runs the-and
one of them says, "Well,
while we're here and we're all
alone in this place so nice
and quiet," and at that moment
the lights went off as well.
We were in total pitch
darkness; you can't see a thing.
>> RM: An experience was
being arranged for you.
>> FS: Something was going
on and we thought, "Well,
we got the place to ourselves.
It's pitch dark, let's
read one of the signs."
You do it.
Why me. Because you've
taught before.
OK. And I let this
toning while you pick
up on a rezoning
frequency of the chamber;
each place has its
own particular nerve,
and there were sounds coming
out of me that had never came
out before and haven't
come out since,
and the other three guys
were also toning with me
in a way I've never heard
them do that before.
And there was this
beautiful symphony going
on in this chamber, and
suddenly-and you've got
to remember, this is
complete darkness,
you can't see your
hand in front of you.
I saw with my vision-there
was all these people that came
out of the stone surrounding
us in a huge circle,
dressed in the most beautiful
sort of silken white clothing,
very, very tall people, and they
sort of just bowed their heads,
and we sort of bowed back
as if I'm just looking
at you right now.
And it was the strangest
feeling; we kept doing this,
and doing this, and suddenly
the lights come back on,
after fifteen minutes,
and it's quite clear
that we're quite dazed,
and no one is saying a word
and the ballistic [inaudible]
given to the coffin as well,
for no one had been
buried there.
And each of us took turns
lying on the sarcophagus,
and we're all different
height, five foot five,
all the way to myself,
who I'm six foot five,
so there is at least
a foot in discrepancy.
>> RM: So now, if you're
looking at it objectively,
what would you say, by I say,
the length of that
sarcophagus is?
>> FS: Oh, it's about the
length of this table, yeah.
It's about the length
of this table,
but here's the funny
thing about this story.
You got four different
guys, four different widths
and heights, and
we all came back
down the [inaudible] every
person was screaming downstairs,
you know, with the finger,
and we ran out of [inaudible],
we said our welcome, and we
went out on broad daylight,
and we're all very dazed, and
it's quite obvious they want
to say something, and I
thought, "Alright, I'll say.
Did you see what I saw?"
And he just carried on the
fort from there and said,
"You mean all of those
people, those priests that came
out of the stones, surrounded us
in a big circle dressed
on white?"
I said, "So, I didn't
imagine that."
No. You saw that too?
Yes, I saw that too.
And then we thought-and
the sarcophagus,
that was really weird because I
was scared because I am so tall,
I wouldn't fit, but
it was a perfect fit,
perfect shoulder width,
touched the top of my head,
the bottom of my feet, and the
guy who is five foot five says,
"But that happened to me too."
I said, "Well, a piece of
stone cannot do this according
to whoever is lying inside it."
And we were still kind of
processing this, and we talked
to our spiritual leader who
was a fabulous transmedium
[phonetic] who happens to
believe-have great respect
for him in Britain, and
she-without saying a word
to her, says, "Well, we tuned
into what you guys were
doing, and wasn't it great?
You're in one of the sites
and with your intent the
priests came out of the stones?"
I said, "You mean we
didn't make that out?"
Of course not; you
should know better by now.
And I said, "But what about
the size of the sarcophagus?"
Now, that's all I said, and she
says, "Well, it's living stone.
When you actually are
there to do the right work
with the right intent, the
building adapts itself to you.
Did you go somewhere else?"
And I'll tell you, I went into
very strange faraway places,
and I'm still processing
that information,
and half of it was what came out
into the book because my part
of my job here is to teach
people from experience.
So depends on what you
take into these places,
into these sacred sites,
that's what you get back.
So you've got to be
careful what you ask
for because you might get it.
>> RM: But this one has a
particular richness and depth
to it, that-that's why I said
you've outdone yourself in this.
I mean, this is-this is a
different octave of information;
and all of your books
are wonderful.
You're s a wonderful writer and
researcher, but I don't know
if you experienced it that way
as you go back and you went
through the other team
processes and said,
"But it had a different octave
of information in there."
>> FS: It's funny.
It's-and this runs
from all my books.
I mean there is a thought that
I have and I always give credit
to the people who
work invisibly.
I don't think that we work alone
any different minute of the day,
even when we're writing reports.
If you're passionate about
something, you go back
and read the stuff
and you recognize it.
Some of the hand is helping
you, and I always acknowledge
that because I do
feel very blessed
that I do have the right content
and try to do the right thing,
and I think the results show
themselves after a while
because I started getting
this information [inaudible]
that was interesting.
Now, how do I back this
up using hard facts?
And if I look in the right
places, those facts start coming
up and after eighteen
pages of bibliography,
it's quite clear there is a lot
of research that went into it
that validates some
of this material,
which is obviously channeled,
and that's what I like about it.
And that happens
when you connect
with the invisible world.
There is a relationship
going on,
a give and take all the
time, and if you just follow
that intuition, if you
look in the right places,
the information comes back and
finds you, and then you realize
that they're actually are
doing this almost as a joke
to say, "Look, it's true.
There is a certain amount
of guidance that happens
in the invisible world,
and we are helping you,
and we do these things
almost as a joke to get
to trust the purpose
because we tend to forget it.
>> RM: Right, right.
I've been to a lot of sacred
sites, so I was very-I mean,
I was interested to
see your experiences
and the science behind why I
may have been experiencing some
of the things I experienced
on those sites; however,
after reading this
book, I thought,
"If I go back there again,
I would have a completely
different understanding
of the forces that were
behind it, and I'd be able
to enter acknowledging
and honoring it
in a new way, I think.
>> FS: Oh, good.
>> RM: Yeah.
No, I mean it, so, I can't
wait to go back and go to some
of those sites again with
this particular knowledge.
Now, let's go into some of the
basics that you've covered here.
In the beginning of the book,
you talk about what it is
walled "the first occasion."
I want to get into that.
Also the navel of the earth,
and we'll show a couple images,
and pre and post
alluvial structures,
structures on top of structures.
So I may ask a question along
the way, but I would like you
to just kind of dive in
and start talking
about these things.
>> FS: Ooh, the time
of the first occasion.
There was a wonderful woman
who has now passed away
[inaudible] in England.
She was your straight
forward academic working
for the University
of Manchester,
and she basically deciphered
the wall of the Temple
of Notch [phonetic] in Egypt.
This is a wall that has what
is called The Building Texts,
and it's a very dry
academic text.
You have to sit with it, be
patient with it, but it's full
of information, technical
information
of how temples were built,
when they were built,
why they were built, and
what they do to people.
And there was a one way-
>> RM: Like a master guide.
>> FS: Absolutely.
It's the essential guide
to how these things
actually do what they do.
And one of the things
that they talked about,
and the Greeks were also
part of this process
because they rebuilt Anthem
into what it is today;
so thanks to them we
have this information.
And part of the building texts
talked about the occasion
of the first time
when it was said
that way before there was
a purely human pharaoh,
and this is in their words, now.
When there is a purely
human pharaoh,
a guide called Mene [phonetic]
in thirty one hundred B.C.,
before him, there were
the semi divine kings,
who were called the Followers
of Horace, who were supposed
to be the survivor from a
huge cataclysm, a huge flood
that destroyed the
phase of the earth.
And before that, there was
people called The Creator Gods,
people in enormous statue
and is described the Temple
of Bethlehem [phonetic] and
they were about fifty feet tall.
We dug up some of these giant
graves all around the world,
so it's not a thing
of the imagination.
But they did claim
that [inaudible] that's
when the whole portion
of Egypt suddenly arises
as a singular concept, as if
the whole temple project has
been packed.
>> RM: So [inaudible] is a
term that means [inaudible]
of the first occasion.
>> FS: The time of
the first occasion,
and it has been reliably dated
by Robert Bobal [phonetic]
to ten thousand five hundred
B.C. So this was very tonic
because only about a
thousand years after that,
the earth does experience
a huge cataclysm,
which has now been
proved by Geologists
as having been a massive
flood; the [inaudible] rose
by a hundred fifty feet
in a blink of an eye.
We were hit by the comet-by
the remains of the comet,
which may have hit the earth
about seven times, most of them
in the sea, which of course
would have created waves beyond
our imagination, some of these
countries moved inland hundreds
of miles to get away from the
next potential catastrophe.
But a lot of the texts from
India, Eastern Islands,
from Egypt, all people
who supposedly didn't have
any contact with each other,
they talk about how
there were survivors,
and people who were told
by the gods to build an ark
and make sure that there
was a piece of everything;
every living organism was on
this arks, and with these arks,
the captains were supposed
to take onboard seven sages,
and each of these seven sages-
>> RM: And this is-this is
consistent throughout these
cultures [inaudible]
>> FS: [inaudible] consistent.
There's about a hundred
and thirty four floods notes
sharing exactly identical
information by cultures
that supposedly never
spoke to each other.
>> RM: Right.
>> FS: And this is beyond
the biblical information.
This is-this goes through
India, goes through Egypt,
Central America, everywhere;
even the Northern culture
has the same story.
And they're all get
different names;
it could be Noah,
or Manu, or Zuzudra.
They all have different names,
but every single text says
that within these arks
there were seven sages
that survived the flood.
They all knew the
knowledge of temple building;
they all knew how to
locate the hotspots,
and after the flood receded,
they were to go to talk about,
build primordial mounts that
locate the center of energy
around the earth, and then these
mounts would form the basis
of the future historic temples,
the ones that we see today.
We're talking of an expand
of eight thousand years.
It's a/ long time.
>> RM: Yes.
>> FS: But the results are
that they were supposed
to build these temples
as an insurance policy
for future times when humanity
would again lose the plots
with the natural world.
They would stop looking
at the stars,
and observing the environment
around, and they would succumb
to the environment
without being prepared.
Sounds familiar?
So this time is upon
us yet again.
We are so enamored with
the electronic culture
that we are losing
that time again,
and ironically we fill the pull
to go back the sacred
sites again.
Our tendencies are growing yet
again for people who want to go
to Stonehenge, or
to the Pyramids,
and some of them don't know
why; they do it as tourists,
but some do feel a need, an
innate need to communicate
with another level of reality,
an intuitive feeling to connect
with something much
deeper, which precisely--
>> RM: That's [inaudible]
>> FS: Exactly.
>> RM: OK, speaking of
that, which has been lost.
Now, where does the
Atlantic culture
and legend play into this?
Because in many rendering
[inaudible] roughly the exact
same time period.
We're talking exactly twelve
thousand five hundred years ago
where those people-there
was advanced warning;
it didn't happen in
a flash apparently.
Those people were able
to migrate elsewhere.
>> FS: Exactly.
>> RM: And a lot
of the knowledge-do the
seven sages ever come
up as having a historic
background
into Atlantic times
and beyond maybe?
>> FS: Apparently
because wherever you go
around the world, all of these
people appeared to have come
from a sinking island.
They all inhabited islands; they
were sea [inaudible] culture,
and they came aboard to
either East of Island
or Egypt-excuse me,
Southern India.
What is there?
Portugal, the Atlantic
islands around Britain.
It's the same story, same
people, very, very tall;
sometimes of reddish hair;
they survived the sinking land,
and they brought over the
culture of the cosmos,
agriculture, landing,
everything.
>> RM: Mathematics,
Geometry, everything.
>> FS: All things that we
take for granted today.
>> RM: Yes.
>> FS: So they were very
much incorporated into each
of the mist of the seven
continents, without question,
and they were very grateful.
The [inaudible] must have been
told they couldn't agree no more
humans, of course.
Eventually they die out
over the course of time,
and they native American
cultures talk
about meeting the remnants
of when they were crossing
over the land bridge across
the plains [inaudible]
when they first moved over
to Central North America.
That wasn't too long ago.
And the Appalachia, the Cherokee
remember meeting the tall-people
called the Alaguani [phonetic]
which of course would get
the name Allegheny from,
the Allegheny River.
So it's immortalized
in Cherokee cultures,
where all these people, who
were very enlightened people,
they called them, they
survived the catastrophe
and they brought all the
culture, but after a while
through inbreeding
because they couldn't breed
with anybody else, they
eventually became brutish
and died off, and
[inaudible]everywhere.
>> RM: You have a
wonderful example of that,
one of the photos in the book,
a skeleton-I believe it
was of fifteen feet tall.
>> FS: Yes.
>> RM: The remnants of it.
Now, remind me where-where
was that one found?
>> FS: Well, back
in the Victorian era
when I was [inaudible] impressed
by [inaudible] giant graves
in Great Britain-I
mean, there's thousands
of them, even in the maps.
>> RM: Yes, Scotland,
Ireland, England, yes.
>> FS: [inaudible]
I used to there
and have my tea the afternoon.
I live there.
And that died up and [inaudible]
in Ireland, and they found,
not just the skeleton;
they found the meat actually
fossilized on the bones
with the skin still attached.
And there is a wonderful
photograph that was published
in a Australian magazine in
eighteen ninety five, I believe,
which shows the entire person
propped up in [inaudible]
>> RM: That's the one you
have in your book, yeah.
It's an amazing photograph.
>> FS: It is an amazing
photograph,
and the [inaudible] well,
they go off to lunch.
Well, the pub as
we do in Britain.
And they come back and this
fifteen foot guy disappears,
never to be seen again.
Just like the skeleton is in
North America, the Smithsonian,
you never get to
hear about again.
>> RM: No, they're gone,
just like the treasures
in the Grand Canyon, waste
away hundred years ago, gone,
never heard them again.
Egyptian bootie of
magnificent proportions
in the American Grand Canyon.
>> FS: Yes, I'm not a
conspiracy theorist, but-
>> RM: Yeah, those organizations
don't seem to be telling us;
giving us the best of
their scientific knowledge.
OK, let's go to some
of the power spots.
Before we get into
the structures,
some of the natural powers
spots that are also in viewed
with great entity, such as
Mount Artnatural [phonetic]
and I bring it up
because I love that place.
>> FS: Oh, Ronachela [phonetic]
>> RM: Yes, you say it right.
I say it the Western way.
>> RS: There is something
about the Indian accent.
I just makes you really happy.
>> RM: Yes, it does.
>> FS: Arunachala It just
makes you feel good saying it.
I don't know why.
It's-Arunachala is one of the
original navels of the earth
in its [inaudible] culture
in all the sacred text,
and they describe it as the
place of the first occasion
in Indian terms, where just
before the major catastrophe
happened when India did lose
a huge amount of land mass,
and this is validated,
the [inaudible] addresses
the people.
The templar says, "We need
to take the knowledge.
We need to hide it."
And they hid it in Arunachala
where Lingan [inaudible] would
represent my culture power.
And of course, there is
today a [inaudible] stone,
the very brave stone, which
marks the navel of earth,
where they actually [inaudible]
>> RM: And in the
temple down below,
same thing, ceremonies each day.
>> FS: And that's where
the [inaudible] of energies
of the [inaudible] of the
creators god, actually resides,
and it's from there,
if you actually take some
high sensitive equipment
that you would find,
is highly magnetized.
There's something about
the location of all
of these [inaudible] stones,
these navels of the earth,
with the laws of physics
slightly different
from the landscape around you.
>> RM: Yes.
>> FS: And we now know that
those slight differences,
those that interfere with
your brain way patterns,
which is why you start getting
in these shamanic states.
>> FM: Absolutely,
and [inaudible]
>> FS: Where you get
your knowledge from.
>> RM: Yes, and we have this
old film; probably five,
six decades old, old film
of the people in the town,
the pilgrimages that had been
going on for thousands of years,
where once a month a particular
phase of the moon people come
from all over and
circumnavigate the mountain
and that's-that still goes
on today; so you have kind
of an odd collection-I mean,
the town still dirt streets
and there is this magnificent
temple there, as you can see.
And-and yet at the same time,
now that there's been a
little bit of civilization,
and there is quite
a lot of garbage.
I mean, it has some of
those elements to it just
because there is no
infrastructure for picking
up garbage, but that
little thing aside,
it has the most magnificent
energies.
>> FS: Yes, it does.
>> RM: And the famous
Majoriche Ramenaude [phonetic],
the Majoriche [phonetic] spent
years, decades in those caves,
and was highly revered, I think,
as one of the more-I found it
to be one of the more refined
Majoriches [phonetic] of the day
on terms of his knowledge,
and have you been
in those caves too?
>> FS: No, I haven't.
>> RM: Oh, they're lovely.
>> FS: I have a problem
with humidity and heat.
>> RM: Oh, you would hate it.
Oh, you would hate it.
>> FS: I only know it by
people's eyewitness accounts
and a lot of them, thank heaven.
>> RM: Oh, there are a lot.
I had a very strange
experience one day coming down.
I saw things in the cave.
It was wonderful
being in the cave
and just getting a little
reflective information
about your own being, but
walking down one day-It's one
like you're funny-not funny,
but profound experience
in the pyramid.
I was going down the hall,
walking through the ashmour
[phonetic] at the base of it;
that is where everyone
goes for Pugi [phonetic ]
this day, and I walked
through this room by myself
and had a portrait of
Romanade [phonetic] there ,
and as I walked by,
he winked at me.
And I thought, "Oh, come on."
So I was like doing this,
blinking and thinking,
"OK, I just meditate."
And I looked back, and when
I went, it blinked again.
Didn't think much it.
I thought, "I'm imagining
it."At the end
of the trip this young
guy comes up and says,
"That freaked me out, man.
I walked passed that portrait,
and the guy winked at me."
>> FS: And it doesn't
surprise me.
I hear this all the time.
>> RM: Yes, these things
can happen in these places.
>> FS: Yes, I mean,
I've been to a place
where I kidnapped a famous
psychic in England to get away
from work just to sort of
have a normal day outing,
and another friend of mine
was also a very good psychic
and an accountant, so a good use
of left brain and right brain.
And we went to this
beautiful church in Conwell
and with decided that we'll get
back to work and do a little bit
of honoring of the sacred site.
As soon as we start
chanting, the lights go off,
and then as we're walking
out-oh, no, before we began,
he says to me, "Well, who
should we dedicate this to?"
I said-I was very
[inaudible] I was very flipping
in my head, St. Cecilia.
And he says, "That's
a good choice."
Surely there is no one
called St. Cecilia.
I just made that up.
No, that's a patron
[inaudible] music.
I said, "OK."
And [inaudible] Michael, my
other friend dedicates it
to Gabriel, and afterwards
we're walking out, and I looked
over this stained glass
window and I said,
"Wouldn't you believe.
We picked the three entities
that we dedicate this chanting
to, and look at the people
who are actually portrait
in the three windows."
And we read this forever,
and next day we went
back with someone else.
I told them the story.
We went back in, and
there is no stained glass.
The priests swears that there
has never been stained glass
in that building.
The local historian who knows
everything about Conwell says,
"What were you on because there
has never been stained glass
in there."And we told this
to our psychic friend,
and she goes, "You know that
happened around me a lot.
You obviously connected
the spirit of place.
>> RM: So it's how
malleable-malleable our
perception of reality is, and
when we go into these places,
it bends quite a bit more.
Reality is much, more flexible.
Let's talk about some of
the sacred sites themselves.
First of all, you mentioned
Saqqara [phonetic] a little
bit ago.
Talk about the dynamics
playing in there.
Unfortunately we're not going
to have a chance to go into all
of the principles that are at
work, but if you could touch
on some at least one in each
of these, that would be great.
>> FS: Sure, Saqqara
[inaudible] was a city
of knowledge in its own right.
A lot of the pyramids-the
auxiliary pyramid were actually
use this ritual chambers,
where people
who were either indoctrinated
in the mysteries
of knowledge would go and
spend evenings in there.
They'd be reawakened by,
they would be resurrected
from the dead, they'd
be totally aware
of what's going on
in the universe.
It has the entrance into
it-there is a particular saying
in one of the pyramids that-and
it's very curious saying.
It says, "Seven degrees-seven
gates allows you entrance
from earth into heaven."And
after doing a little bit
of energy work at the
entrance of Saqqara,
I found exactly seven notes
along the way the passage way.
>> RM: Oh, interesting.
>> FS: That supposedly
challenge the magnetic point
that you add this
[inaudible] before you walk in.
So it's a preparatory hallway
where each time you get hit
by this energy, you get a chance
to stay [inaudible] your
thoughts and your feelings.
If they're negative, through
them in the garbage bin
because all that stuff is now
electromagnetic, as we now know.
You take those impurities into
the pure temple of the gods,
you're going to basically
create a downfall of the temple
because it's-the temple is
supposed to be a mirror image.
Everything is perfect
in the universe,
the actual physical
body of creating being.
So, if you take the
negativity there, you're going
to create a downfall of
temple that you try to repair.
So that's just Saqqara,
one of the basic levels.
There's a lot of levels-
>> RM: So we're talking about
the electromagnetic there;
also water as a common
factor, correct?
>> FS: Absolutely.
>> RM: The veins of water
running underneath these
temples, which, of course, carry
electromagnetic current as well.
>> FS: Exactly, without
exception,
and the-even archeologists
back in the thirties,
[inaudible] of every single
living space, without exception,
is built on top of
a veins of water.
Even the Navajo water, even
the [inaudible] valley, which,
as we know, is a
very good desert.
I have seen it with my own eyes.
There is a crystal
clear spring running
between two great sand
dunes next to a Juniper tree
that you can't see
from the desert floor.
You have to be in a very good
position of luck, to be guided
by the right person, and his
name is Leroy; he is Navajo.
There is a story behind that.
>> RM: I'm sure there is.
>> FS: Involving [inaudible]
there is a good humor
to all of this.
And there is; even in
the middle of the desert,
water is fundamental, and
now we know from science
that water attracts
lines of energy,
and that's actually
admitted it as well.
And when the two
attract each other,
they create an electromagnetic
charge,
and that begins the process
where if you interacted,
and of course, you made
[inaudible] of water,
you're an electromagnetic being,
so the two fundamental
principles of any circuit base,
water and electromagnetism,
basically amplify a
mirror of who you are.
So, the two of you are
stepping over each other,
that moment depending on
where you are, as a person,
if you allow magic to
happen, that's when the laws
of physics start working on your
sacred heaven, shamanic moment.
Vsions star appearing, words
start coming into your head.
You think, "I think I've
gone mad," but it's not.
That's what-that's the
mechanism that they used to use
and amplify to get you
to have a communication
with the unseen world, and
it can be a little annoying
and strange at first,
but you get used to it,
and realize that it's
a very lovely energy,
very loving process
that there is behind it.
There is nothing to be
afraid of it, and the fringe
of benefits are amazing.
>> RM: Yes, and the dynamic
you were speaking a moment ago
almost sounds like a vortex
type of energy, a spiral.
>> FS: Absolutely.
>> RM: Without all of
these places, which-now,
we'll get to some of the other
ones that are well known,
but also, Sedona is known
for its vortex, for example,
coming off of the sandstone,
iron [inaudible] it gives
you an opportunity to talk
about what each of
these-what certain types
of stone bring to the equation.
>> FS: Oh, totally.
After to twenty years of looking
at hundreds of sacred signs,
suddenly dawned on me-and again,
this is the sacred site
looking back to me.
If I'm asking the question, "How
do these things change people
from ordinary people into gods?"
And the immediate
answer, look at the rock.
Why did we bring these
rocks from hundreds of miles
from the local rock
would have done it?
That's a good question.
>> RM: Yes.
>> FS: And you look at it and
every single temple in the earth
that is dedicated to a
masculine entity is always made
with volcanic and igneous rock
because it amplifies energy
of the masculine;
it's a solar energy.
It's in your face, but all
the temples that are dedicated
to feminine deities
are the ones associated
with sedimentary stone, which
comes from the actual water.
So, sense stone, limestone,
marble, and sometimes if you are
on a both, there is a
combination of both rocks.
So that's part of the technology
that amplifies the basic energy
that gets it to do what
it's supposed to be doing.
It's called the moral
correspondence.
The more correspondence
you have,
the more the site does what it's
intended to do, so it's a donor.
Very feminine energy, especially
at Bell Rock, and you have
in Bell Rock the
greatest vortexes,
and it's actually a
navel of the earth,
sacred to the Anasasi [phonetic]
and then the Sonaya
[phonetic] the Sinaloa-
>> RM: Sinahua [phonetic]
>> FS: Sinahua [phonetic]
Yes, lovely people.
And there, if you're-actually
I don't encourage you
to go digging there
but if you would-
>> RM: No, don't dig it.
You'll be in big trouble.
That's not far from my house.
>> FS: if you were supposed
to, which you shouldn't do,
you would find that people like
the group that I work with,
go all around the world
burying bits of earth and bits
of little stones from
their sacred sites
and taking a little bit of a-
>> RM: That easy enough to do.
It's lose; it's all
over the ground.
>> FS: Yeah, and you get some
lose things, and you get it back
to your sacred site, and
when you're doing it,
you're doing kind of rainbow
[inaudible] between your site
and Bell Rock and other
sites, so slowly it's
like an invisible world
wide web that you're doing,
and you're doing
this consciously,
and the more consciously
you do it,
the more you activate
these signs as well.
So that's why it's a very
special place, and of course,
when it's back lit, it
looks just like an UFO.
>> RM: It does, and
not to say anything
of all the other magnificent
structures, Cathedral Rock
>> FS: Cathedral Rock.
>> RM: Which also
has-and each one seems
to experience the energy
either flowing up or flowing
down depending how you enter
it; it could be great resistance
or it can almost
carry you up there.
Bell Rock is one
that carries you up.
>> FS: Yeah, and that also
defines the-whether it's a
masculine or feminine site.
Usually when you're being sort
of allowed into something,
it's a very feminine site;
it's a protective lovely thing.
If it's pushy, it's a
masculine site; it makes sense.
>> RM: Yeah, and you
experience and enormous
of the sacred rocks in Sedona.
Let's go on to Serpent
Mount-Serpent Mount in Ohio.
Yes.
>> FS: Wow.
That has been the object of a
lot of study, and a good friend
of mine over there
called Jeffrey Wilson,
along with other people who
dedicate themselves to the study
of that, worked out
recently all the coils
of this magnificent serpent, all
lined to the extreme position
of the sun and the moon
over the course of a year,
and it's the first [inaudible]
that have ever been worked out.
Now, when I was there,
I've gone to the mysteries
of the mysteries of the
Cherokee and they said
that the Serpent Mount was one
of the sites that was built
by this tall [inaudible] people
that survived the Great Flood,
that was one of their sites,
but it has been rebuilt again
and again because obviously,
it's made of earth, so obviously
over time it gets eroded.
So it's been maintained
by various people
over the course of a millennia.
When I was there,
what I didn't know is
that the main hotspot energy is
where the serpent has a little
egg coming out of its mouth,
which when you look at it, it
looks just like the [inaudible]
in sacred geometry,
which is the sacred womb.
It's almost telling
you what it's doing.
And you stand there, and you
suddenly start getting this
feeling of [inaudible] energy.
And the more you do this, the
more you pick up this energy
without even think about it.
I [inaudible] long enough
to know where the energy is,
where it's going,
what polarity it is,
just like driving your
car, anybody can do this.
And I'm looking at this energy,
and this [inaudible] talks back
to me and says, "If
you follow this energy
to the North Eastern quadrant of
this site, that's where the city
of knowledge related to this era
was located around that time.
And I told the guys; I said,
"You know, if anybody digs
across the river over there,
there should be something there
that is supposed to be
the most important part
of Serpent Mount."
Everybody went very
quiet, and I went, "What?"
Well, you're not supposed
to know this, but we started
to do a little bit of digging up
there, and there is major center
of [inaudible] and if I was
building this sacred site
for initiation purposes
because part of it was shamanic.
You were supposed to
be the underworld,
there would have been
a cave under the egg.
And they went very quiet
again, and they said, "Well,
not many people know
this, but there is a cave;
it's in a very dilapidated
state, and it's right
under the cliff,
which is eroded,
and it would sit right
underneath where the egg is,
and that's where the energy
lie around and through as well.
So, if you sit there
overnight quietly
on the sense of self
depravation-
>> RM: Are you allowed?
>> FS: It's dangerous
because over the course
of about six thousand
years and earthquakes,
it's a very sensible area.
>> RM: So it's stable.
>> FS: It's unstable.
I wouldn't recommend it.
Let them get on with that work,
and see if they can maintain it.
Over these caves, over
these places that went
to the underworld
underneath the Great Pyramid
or the King's Chamber, they're
supposed to mimic a place
of self deprivation where
you actually will be alone
with your own thoughts,
and that's when you
get to know yourself.
It can be scary at first,
but that's when you
first start learning
about how ready you
are as a soul.
>> RM: No kidding.
I had a profound
experience in a cave outside
of Jerusalem [inaudible]
John Baptist;
it was-it's allegedly
the cave where he used
to do his journey and visioning.
Unbelievable experience; I
won't go into it, but it was one
of the main events of my life.
>> FS: And he was one of the
people that was indoctrinated
to the mysteries of
resurrection as well.
>> RM: Yes, absolutely.
Well, that was evidence in
what came through in the cave.
There are a lot more-going
back to Ohio, there are a lot
of dormants [phonetic]
there, aren't they?
>> FS: A lot of mounts?
>> RM: Yes, mounts.
>> FS: Yes, huge amount
of mounts, and again,
according to the Cherokee myth,
they say that these
were originated
after the-by the-the Alawani
[phonetic] and they were told
by [inaudible] while
they were still sort
of doing their homework.
>> RM: Yes.
>> FS: It's a very
sensitive area.
In fact, it looks very much
like Britain in that respect
for its number of mounts, and
all of them, without exception,
occupy magnetic hotspots, and
there's hardly anybody buried
in them, so of course,
they weren't burial
mounts to begin with.
>> RM: No.
>> FS: The burials came later.
What they used to do, they used
to take shamans and
special people.
When they died, they'd put their
bones on the energy hotspot
and they would cover them with
their heads facing the East
because that's where
the sun comes up;
it's the newborn light
suggests understanding.
So the idea is to put the
bones of the human body,
which had the most amount
of energy of the human body,
into these sites we
call the hotspot,
so that the person can
go into the other world,
collect information, and then
send it back to the shaman
who is living in this tribe,
so that the shaman can go, "Oh,
he's telling me that
we should prepare
for a really bad winter."
And that's how the tribe
regenerated itself over time,
so for them, that
was their knowledge.
It was important for them
to keep the tribe buried,
and that should-again
it's a wonderful example
of how these sites communicate
with a natural reference library
that allow you to have control
of your immediate world.
>> RM: So, that's a wonderful
spot if you're an American
and you can't get off
the island, so to speak.
Ohio is a good place to go too.
>> FS: Absolutely.
>> RM: Sedona, there
are others as well.
>> FS: New Mexico.
>> FM: New Mexico, absolutely.
Now, let's hop across
upon the USA,
and let's take a
look at Stonehenge.
>> FS: Ah, Stonehenge.
We could be there forever.
I used to live next door to it.
It's a-the big thing about
Stonehenge is that it's aligned
to the Northeast, and
back in the old day,
there used to be two
stones at the entrance,
and before the earth
sort of moved,
and it does so imperceptibly
every year,
twenty thousand years, one
degree every seventy two years.
So if you're standing
on the same spot,
the stone starts to move.
If you go back about
five thousand years,
when the sun rose at the summer
solstice, the higher position
of the light; the sun comes up
on the horizon, creates a shadow
at the tip of that rock, and it
creates shadow into this bold,
and it's the center
of Stonehenge.
It's the holly grail; it's
the cup of the lasting life.
So, any sacred site that
follow that direction,
Northeast alignment with
[inaudible]north way,
those tend to be some of
the oldest places on earth,
and then they are associated
with ancestral wisdom
or ancient wisdom because when
you're facing the absolute
highest position of the
light during the solar year,
that corresponds
also to knowledge,
which is also associated
with light or learning,
so places like the original spot
of [inaudible] there's Rancho de
Samaya [phonetic] in New Mexico,
which now has one of the
most Catholic churches on it,
but it's still very
powerful, a shamanic place.
All of these places like
Luxur in Egypt or light
of the Northeast,
all are associated
with ancestral wisdom,
so that's where you'd go
if you were looking
for that kind
of information to these sites.
>> RM: Stonehenge.
>> FS: Yes, and then, of course,
so you got the best calendar
in the world, or the
holes that are a big found
around Stonehenge,
it's been calibrated.
A good friend of mine called
Robert Hage [phonetic] If you're
into numbers, he's
the one to go for.
He would dig your head into.
It's brilliant work
because he finally worked
out that the holes
around Stonehenge absolutely
calibrate every nineteen years
the mitotic cycle, which is when
the sun and the moon sink up.
>> RM: You explain
that well in your book.
>> FS: And it's beautiful.
It takes a lot of work,
but once you understand it,
it's easy to get.
So [inaudible] So, again, it's
used for a second function.
It also is so powerful
because it also- the position
of the circles and the
[inaudible] stones incorporate
just every single facet of
sacred geometry that there is.
So depending on what
you're going there to do,
you would awaken a certain part
of the temple that is consistent
with the specific geometry that
is aligned with your intent.
>> RM: That's really important
because instead of thinking,
"Gee, what can I get
out of this place?"
We need to look into
what we can put
into the places first
as we approach them.
What can we put in, give
something before you take.
>> FS: Just like the
native Americans would sort
of give a little bit of
tobacco when they went
to talk to their ancestors.
It's a symbolic thing.
>> RM: Yes.
>> FS: Yeah, it's always
good to leave something
of yourself behind, so that
the next person can also drink
from it because when
you get to these places,
you are to a degree drinking
of the energy of the people
that have gone before,
and sometimes people go
to these places to do silly
things, so people like me have
to go there and clean it up;
and then people come along,
and they wreck it, and
then I come back again,
but this is how things are;
things get a little bit squeeze
in the earth and we
have to try to fix it,
and that's the way of things.
So, depending on what you're
there to do-let's say,
on Monday you're there
as a-you go to work
with a divine feminine-the
geometry
for the divine feminine is the
pentagram, so only the parts
of Stonehenge which are designed
according to that geometry,
and it's in there,
would come alive.
The rest of the stone is just
a bunch of rocks lying around;
they have been called
into the consciousness.
>> RM: I just love that part of-
>> FS: On Tuesday, guys
want to go in there and look
at masculinity, so now that's
a hexagram, solar energy.
Then different stones
come into positioning,
and on Saturday we're going to
have another party, want to play
with sound, toning, and then
the whole site comes together;
your original site of
Stonehenge [inaudible]
to a seven point
star, which of course,
consists of the seven notes of
the pyramid scale, the Do Re Mi;
that's why we all know the Do
Re Mi, regardless of culture.
It's high wired.
So that's when the
whole site comes alive,
so the site really
comes alive depending
on what you bring to it.
It knows that you're there; it'd
read you like a credit card.
>> RM: It does.
>> FS: Gets your PIN and
it goes, we'll let him in.
>> RM: It's so interesting
because when you're near
Stonehenge, you can just
as easily not pay attention
to people are you're whistling
by the freeway to
the supermarket
and not pay any attention
to this thing right
off the freeway.
Well, freeway; I guess you call
it a [inaudible] there, but yes.
>> FS: It's two lane road, which
means in Britain it's a highway.
>> RM: A highway, yeah,
and everyone just arguing
or listening to radio and this
magnificent thing is seating
right there and most
people don't even stop.
>> FS: Yeah, and again,
it goes back to the people
who are either alive or
they are the living dead,
as the ancestors call them, or
the ones who have resurrected.
And during a date
people would say,
"Stonehenge looks really dead.
There's no energy."
Oh, yes, because
people are walking
around with their
walkie-talkies talking about.
>> RM: Yes, and cell phones.
>> FS: And this [inaudible]
by people with slaves.
>> RM: Right, exactly.
>> FS: And then in the evening
when everybody disappear,
you'd go there, you got
special permission to go inside,
and you can get it, and
you go there quietly,
and the place is totally
different, totally different.
This organism comes out from a
stumble, and it talks to you.
It's hard to describe
how it does this.
>> RM: Well, I'd love to try it;
I've never been there at night.
>> FS: Oh, you have to.
>> RM: I will; next time I will.
OK, let's go to Shart [phonetic]
>> FS: Oh, I was just there.
>> RM: And also,
when you're-while you're
talking-we only have time
for a couple more, but while
you're talking about it,
would you help us understand the
notion of the number of layers
of structures that some of
the-like Eggfoo [phonetic] Some
of these dwellings we can
see are on-maybe just take
that for a moment before you
even get to Shart [phonetic]
>> FS: Actually it applies
to a lot of sacred sites.
The Egyptians were very
careful about stipulating
in their building text that
no place is considered sacred
unless they're built on
at least twelve layers
of previous consecrated temples,
correctly consecrated temples.
I'm not talking about religion;
I'm talking about
actual worship, you know;
the divine in a non physical
non [inaudible] sense.
>> RM: So you think
about something not maybe
built five thousand years ago
on top of twelve-
>> FS: Way before that.
>> RM: On top of twelve more
structure on top of each other.
>> FS: Yeah, we're talking
about some twelve
thousand continuous use,
so [inaudible] was built on at
least twelve layers of temple.
Shart [phonetic]
was built-let's see,
the present structure
was rebuilt three times.
The earliest that we can
see at the Westgate was
by the [inaudible] templar
who have followed
the ancient recipe.
That was built on another
cathedral to build on top
of the Roman temple, which is
built on top of a Roman church,
which is built on top of a
Roman Catholic [inaudible]
Judaic cave, which is built
on top of a manhead [phonetic],
and I keep going
and going and going.
>> RM: I love it.
I love it.
>> FS: [inaudible] secret cave,
where even today you can
drink the water from the well,
called the Well of the Strong,
which is why people go there,
to drink the water because
there is something efficacious
about the water, and [inaudible]
So layer upon layer upon layer
upon layer, so that builds
up the sanctity of
sites [inaudible]
of the people going there
today, regardless of the fact
that it's not a Catholic site,
but that's beside the point.
Go there for what it's there,
for what it's actually there,
and you get a deep
understanding.
>> RM: Well, I'd
love for you to talk
about for quite a little bit
long, but we have to move on.
So, let's talk about-OK,
let's talk about the
[inaudible] monument.
>> FS: [inaudible] is lovely.
If you don't like heights,
it's going to be a hard one.
You have to descend
this very tall ladder.
It's not a rackety
ladder; it's a good ladder.
You get up into this
cliff phase,
with a beautiful natural cave,
and you see a beautiful
cave there.
[inaudible] is aligned
to the Southwest.
Now, alignment is another
principle of sacred space;
it's part of that
sacred language.
Your alignment defines what the
temple does, so if you-the key
that is aligned to the
Southwest, in that position,
in that part of the world,
aligns with the [inaudible]
So it's an honoring the spirit
well for the fruits of the labor
of the land, but also for
the fruits of who you are
as a person, how well
you've developed the year,
you give thanks.
It's their way of
doing thanksgiving.
It marks the location of two
intersecting female lines
of energy, the same spot, and
when you go into it, if you can,
there are two little niches
which one is positioned
to the North, and the North
represents the spirit of Earth,
the [inaudible] of earth.
So you work with humanity
and the tribe, human beings,
but there is also a
niche in the Southeast,
which is where the
Winter Solstice comes up
and that's [inaudible] So that's
where they would [inaudible]
again, reflect life to the land,
so that the tribe can go on to
living the rest of the year.
So it's a small round site.
Looks quite inconsequential when
you get there, but it was used
for multiple purposes
during the year,
which of course the
Americans would do
because their cycle is
dependent on the seasons.
>> RM: Beautiful.
Now-
>> FS: Which should
take you fifteen years
to understand this.
>> RM: Exactly.
No, it's all right.
No, you make it very
accessible for us
in your book, Divine Blueprint.
Let's talk about another
aspect of all of this,
about the falling away of life,
the falling away of knowledge
through an era of history
that both you and I have,
just a strong appreciation
for it, and that's the area
of [inaudible], his
father, also [inaudible]
and what happened there.
What was going on because it
seems to reflect what descended
into Roman Catholicism
and other kind
of descending traditions
overtime.
>> FS: Yeah, I mean,
the creative gods
and the building gods that came
off of the mount of the flood,
they were very [inaudible],
and they were clever;
they understood thatl
of these structures
and elements were
all temporarily.
Earth is a place of temporary
places and it depends
on the will of people and
whoever was in charge;
so by the time we get
to thirteen hundred B.C,
[in audible] the third,
is trying to wrestle the temple
back from the priesthood,
who have now passed out
how it worked, you know.
If we get control of the
temple, we have control
of the mind of the people.
We do not need the pharaoh;
we don't need anybody else.
We can become the
intermediaries of the people
between body and soul.
>> RM: Was there
political financial element
to that as well?
>> FS: There is a huge
political thing that goes
to how priests how they develop
this huge estate as well.
Sound familiar?
So he got a little bit
far, according to priests.
We're going to be out of a job,
so about [inaudible] the third;
his son comes along, the
wonderful [inaudible]
and he says, "OK, I'm not
going to sort of push it
from my way around this.
I'm going to go straight
to the jugular
where resting the templar and
the priesthood-just to make sure
that you know, we're moving
the captain thieves [inaudible]
desert at [inaudible]
brand new place;
although from my research,
it is clear that it was built
in the navel of the
earth as well.
I'm not a master of
this; I won't go into it.
So, he was trying to, again,
to wrestle that control again,
and it's quite well defined
by his honoring of his altar,
the central solar
that represents the
pure light of the sun.
He didn't do what all
the other gods did;
he basically [inaudible] and in
one single entity because it was
like the things that you can get
from the church today,
the indulgences.
>> RM: Yes.
>> FS> If y buy enough
indulgences,
you lessen the amount
of time in purgatory,
and that was happening
already back then.
>> RM: That's how the
priests made their living.
>> FS: Let's get rid of that.
Let's just do one entity,
and then everybody else
basically followed into that
and as long as you
can focus yourself
from the central god
head, you can't go wrong.
The temple goes back
to the people.
Got lost for about
eighteen years
until the priest again managed
to wrestle control from him
and just basically-you know,
couldn't find an organized
priesthood, and then we went
from that to the next
thousand years into the a state
of total war from the Middle
East all the way through Europe,
and went that with organized
religion; even in spite the fact
that once in a while, you
have evidence like Jesus,
popping out of the wood
work, and John the Baptist,
who was even more
important again how he gets
in the tension, but
then he tries
to actually bring the
priesthood out of the temple
and back to the people.
We all know what happened there.
>> RM: Yes.
>> FS: And we're still
learning the lesson,
but I think that as things
go, the swing tends to go
from one extreme to the other.
We can see that there is a
little shout of life appearing
in the horizon where people
begin to pick up the idea
that these temples were
built for a reason other
than an organized system that
you have to give your power
to somebody else because
even Jesus said this.
You know, the temple of
god is resides within you,
and the Egyptian said the
same things on their walls.
Until people recognized
the temple
and the energy is right here,
we're going to keep
building temples.
It's almost like a joke.
>> RM: And now temples
have become-well,
when Temple Mountain
particularly, I mean,
on such hollow land, on so
many levels, the profundity
of what is possible on that
land, to have descended it
into something nothing
more than political
and power struggles now.
>> FS: Yeah, and that
showcases the whole gamma
of human consciousness.
You have the choice between
making it something beautiful
or something very ugly and
both shades in between,
but that's the thought of
having free will of earth.
You get both.
>> RM: You get both.
>> FS: The trick is to
understand who you are
and your place and
your soul purpose
by attending these
places, and you can do it.
Once you have that degree of
self awareness and self control,
now you have-you can
know where you're going;
no one can tell you what to do.
>> RM: Yeah.
>> FS: That's the
best you can do.
>> RM: Where are
you headed next?
>> FS: Oh, I don't know.
>> RM: I mean, you finished
this beautiful thing.
Are you going to relax for a bit
or are you going to continue?
>> FS: I was going to
write some fictions,
some historical fictionist.
>> RM: Would you please?
There are a few people-there
are a few people I know-I mean,
Glen [inaudible] of course,
has-I interviewed him recently,
but other people as well who are
also bordering into the world
of science and as a terror
scientist who has decided
to take that track just
to get away from that flag
from academia and be able to,
with passion, express a story.
I love this idea.
I'm looking for a
new kind of book
to read myself [inaudible] time.
Would you please?
Come up with something good.
Maybe you can put
[inaudible] in it.
>> FS: OK.
>> RM: Alright, there you go.
Thank you so much.
>> FS: My pleasure.
>> RM: Again, the book is
titled Divine Blueprint
and it's a must read for
anyone wanting to connect
with the sacredness of
this earth and themselves.
You can find it at his
website, invisibletemples.com.
And if you enjoy this episode,
I suggest you check out two
of my other excellent
interviews with Freddy.
Freddy Silva on Crops
Circles and Mystery
of the Templers with
Freddy Silva.
Until next time.
Thank you for joining
us here on Gaiam TV.
[ Music ]